hey everyone it's over Tony super cool
food reviews I'm back today I'm doing
chips boys to eat chips ways chocolate
cookies with Reese's this seems crammed
with real chocolate chips and Reese's
peanut butter cups so if you love peanut
butter this is the cookie for you and
who doesn't love Reese's peanut butter
cups I don't know you know there was a
time when I was younger I am I was
allergic to peanuts and I had I went for
like 12 years without peanuts and I
would cry at night anyways gang Chips
Ahoy
Reese's this chocolate cookies crammed
with Reese's peanut butter cups let's
give it a shot
opening it up here oh this is gonna be
good stuff so I open it up oh look at
this look at the the peanut butter cups
and the chocolate cookie and it's very
it's very moist and it's the choc I wish
I could smell the chocolate and the
peanut butter
this thing's gonna swing gang so let me
try this mm-hmm wow this is so good gang
the chocolate and the peanut butter you
know what a great combination chocolate
and peanut butter you can't go wrong
this is some good feels oh my god
mmm so if you love chocolate and peanut
butter this is this is the dealio for
you gang look at this
it's beautiful packaging this is like
three bucks I think all right 259 and
let me give you a little facts here some
- good - cookies are 140 calories so you
know whatever you're not gonna be
counting calories you're eating cookies
okay was this you know this is tell it
like it is so this is the bomb gang get
to wherever you're located or because
we're Chips Ahoy chocolate cookies with
Reese's peanut butter this is
cranberries mmm-hmm yeah I went to UM I
also pick me up some Reese's peanut
butter cups and I'm thinking you know we
could do gang we could make this even
better is an idea if you're home cooking
good I am a sheet pan okay and you line
up all these cookies this is great for
the kids or for an after-dinner dessert
get a sheet pan okay take your two
cookies all right and you're gonna take
your Reese's Peanut Butter Cup and
you're gonna put it in between the
cookies okay like this and then you're
gonna put it in the oven for like 200
degrees okay and I would lay some
parchment paper on the bottom of the on
the bottom of the pan put these two
together like this because chocolate
melts around 70 degrees you put it in
the oven and if you want you go get some
Reese's Reese's Pieces like et hmm and
then sprinkle some on top and you put in
the oven and you let it melt so they
come together you want to totally melted
whether it's so you want to still a
little thick just enough to melt it and
then you came out let them cool off
oh my god gang what a desert and then
get yourself a big cold glass of milk
mm-hmm go try out my desert gang pick up
chips of white cookies and Reese's
peanut butter cups put them together put
them on a sheet pan parchment paper 200
degrees just enough to melt it a little
bit so they stick together let them cool
and go to town Goering whoo
please subscribe please share please
like tell all your friends about my
channel I appreciate you all I have some
quick shout outs okay really quick here
Mike Hawk ghost ferret 3000 Carlos
Sevilla Marlo Co gylmar in the gaming
crept Walker Tim 55 what else real quick
here 29 Rachel true this 8 is a key
that's a correction ok
Tris 51 Claudia Claudia shopping
obsession Pat Manzo 476 - SIL FET gay
lf3 scape the 40 that's 3 s C for PE the
F or te I'm assuming this 3 scape the 48
thank you all for tuning into Jews get
out there try these cookies are great go
and get some extra peanut butter cups
it'll be even better with my little
dessert ok gang so this is Joey
signing off saying Joey super cool
interviews thank you for tuning in
please share please like please
subscribe and as Joey would always say
peace